#### What is difference between let, const and var?


#### how can you print a first and b later with. You are not allowed to use any extra setTimeouts?
    SetTimeout(()=>{
    console.log("a");
    },2000)
    console.log("b") ;



#### What is the typeOf an array in javascript?

#### how can you check if a variable is an array?


#### What is the Difference between setTimeout, setInterval setImmediate?


#### What is the Difference between arr.foreach,  array.map and array.filter?

#### What is the temporal dead zone?

#### What is the Difference between null and undefined.

#### What is the Difference between undeclared and undefined.

#### What is the Difference between ‘==’ and ‘===’ .

#### What is Rest and spread operator

#### const fun = () => arguments.length;
    console.log(fun(1,2));
    What is the output?

#### When do we use async await ?

#### What is callback? What is Callback hell? Can you give an example of callback hell?

#### How do promises solve the issue of callback hell?

#### What are promises? 3 states of promises.

#### Why do we use promises over callbacks and why use await and async?


#### What is difference between promise and call back.

#### What were the 10 new features that were introduced in ES6? Explain each one of them in detail?

#### when to use for of and when to use for in loops in js

#### What is Call, Apply, Bind. When to use what ? Can you give an example?

#### What are different ways to store data in browser? Explain each one of them and when should we use what?

#### What are generator function in javascript ? How are they different from normal function?
 
#### what is the use of generator function 

#### What is the use of arr.reduce? Explain with an example.

#### what will the output (true or false) of the following be?Explain why?
    console.log(null === undefined)
    console.log(null == undefined)

#### What is event bubbling and event capturing (Event Propagation)? what is the difference between them? Can you give a code  example to explain how you can use event bubbling ?

#### How to find the length of an object.

#### Explain the different ways of creating object in javascript? Explain all the 3 ways.

#### What are Object Prototype Methods

#### How to iterate inside and object and print all the values inside it without the keys? Give a code example?

#### What is object chaining in javascript? Can you create functions to explain object chaining better?

#### What is the main difference between fat arrow function and normal function?

#### Can you give an example to explain how "this" works differently with fat arrow function and normal function and Explain “this” keyword ?

#### What are the advantages of Axios vs other competitors( like fetch, http, got etc)? Why is axios so widely used?

#### What is the output of this console.log(0.1 + 0.2). Why is it not 0.3?

#### What will be the output of this console.log((0.2 + 0.3) === 0.5)

#### What is NaN property in JavaScript?

#### Explain pass by value and pass by reference? Give code example of how you would pass by reference in javascript?

#### What is memoization in javascript? Can you give a code example implementing the same?

#### What is the data type of variables in JavaScript?

#### What are escape characters? Why are they used? Give code example.

#### What is break and continue statements? How are they different?

#### What's the difference between event.preventDefault() and event.stopPropagation() methods in JavaScript?

#### What is function definition ?

#### Explain Hoisting 

#### What are higher order function ? Explain with code example.

#### first class function ?

#### What are anonymous functions in js? Give an example? what is its use ?

#### What are closures? Explain with an example?

#### What is function currying? Can you create a curried function and explain?***, what is the use of curring ?

#### What is an IIFE (Immediately Invoked function expression)? Can you give an example? What is its use ?

#### What is lexical scope ?

#### Is js supports multilevel inheritance or multiple inheritance ? And Why ?

#### What is function overloading and function overwriting ?

#### What are the four pillars of OOPS ? 

#### What is the uses of super keyword ?

#### What is shadowing and illegal shadowing ?

#### simply explain with example what is curring and what is infinite curring, and use of curring

#### What are polyfills ?

#### What is pure and impure function ?

#### in browser setTimeout goes to the web api until it takes given time, but where does it go in case of nodejs, simply explain in 50 words

#### What is the use of Array.filter method in js

#### What the hell are pure or static functions?When do we use it?

#### what is destructuring?

#### what is pure functions?

#### What is the difference between Js import snd require syntax

#### simply explain in 50 words with example what is parsing and give one example in js

#### What are classes in javascript?

#### What are constructors? what does super() do in js?

#### What are destructors? when are they called?

#### Explain garbage collection in js.? When is a variable garbage collected?

#### What is abstraction and encapsulation.

#### What is the difference between temp++ and ++temp

#### What is metadata
	Metadata is data that provides information about other data. It describes or gives details about a file or piece of content, like the author, date created, file size, or format. For example, in a photo, metadata could include 	the date it was taken, the camera used, and the location.

























